---
title: "New blog"
categories: blog general
---

Hi, and thanks for checking out my blog!

I finished up my PhD at the end of last year, and recently moved cross-country from San Diego to Boston to start my postdoc. I've always had the idea of writing more on this website, and this transition point in my career really motivated me to actually give it a go. My goal is to try and communicate some of my research more broadly, as well as to talk about things I spend a lot of time thinking about that don't always make their way into published work. In many ways, the best science is done not within the pages of journals, but in the discussions that we have in the lab, at conferences, or with friends over some good drinks and food. So hopefully that more casual and intuitive side of science will make its way into my blog posts.

I've always been interested in writing (and think I'm pretty decent at it too) but after spending a lot of time writing with a very narrow focus and style, like often happens for scientific articles, I realized I needed to have a space to write a bit more freely and creatively. As well, because I'm now focusing more concretely on a potential career in academia, I wanted to start to plant my flag in the ground when it comes to some of the bigger questions that exist in psychology and neuroscience.

Some potential topics that have been bouncing around in my head:
* Transitioning from PhD to Postdoc
* Working in the US as an international student and researcher
* A timeline of some of my publications (how long they can take, plus how not to lose sight of the end goal)
* What attention *really* is (still in progress)

Likely, I'll also throw in some general things about work and life along the way. Who knows, really.

I've also recently added a [tutorials](/tutorials){:target="\_blank"} section to the site where I'll occasionally post about different analysis or modeling methods I use, with some code to reproduce them.

All in due time.

> "Well, we have all been scientists at some point or another in our lives"
>
> ~ Welcome to Night Vale, Episode 1
